This is an tutorial how to make an android soundboard.



----------------------------------------­----------------------------------------­----------------------------------------­--
Download the template files.
Go To:

http://db.tt/A3aj9aJW


When the download is done unpack the rar file !

Open the folder: Android Soundboard Template 

First you need to install 1 -android SDK !
When the install is done open Android SDK manager
Select all packages and click on install.
Then you need to download Eclipse
Just open 2 - Eclipse installer !
It wil install eclipse on your C drive 
When the installation is done open Eclipse 

Click on Help
Install software .....

Insert the following link : https://dl-ssl.google.com/android/ecl... 
and select :
Developer tools and NDK Plugins
and click next, next , next accept ........ finish
It will now install some software.
Now we are going to import the template !

Open the folder Android soundboard template

This app is working
You want to make your own soundboard.
I will tell you wich files you need to change !
We are going to make an app soundboard test 2
First we need to change AndroidManifest.xml

Change the package name 
Then go to AndroidManifest.xml
Change the Android:label
By pressing CTRL+s you will save it

Then go to :
Res
Values
strings.xml
and click on strings.xml

Change the title_activity_.........
and the app name

Now we need to go back to AndroidManifest.XML
Copy the package name

Go to src
and rename com.soundboardtest to the package name !
you can rename by pressing F2
You will get an error just click on continue .

We are almost done !

In the folder raw are the music files.
Just create new files with the same name and it will automaticly work .

Then we go to activity soundboardtest.xml in layout
Click on activity_soundboardtest.xml

Then you will see button
You only need to change :
Android:text="What ever you want"
By pressing CTRL+s you will save it

We only need to change the name folder 
Click on the folder and press F2
and change the name

Now we will export it to an APK file
You just can insert any password
i choosed for poiuy

choose 22 years. Than you'll be able to use it in the Google Play store
You can now install it on your cell phone/ smartphone or tablet


your app is now done
We only need to export it.